Once you have downloaded that ZIP file and opened it up,
it should look very similar to this.
You'll see a source directory and a pom.xml,
and I've also got a .gitignore that's kind of grayed
out because it's a hidden file.
But you can see inside of here we have our basic web
application that has all those pieces configured.
I'm going to copy that over to my dev workspace
directory that I use in all of my courses,
if you've seen that before.
Here you can see where I've have copied it into my workspace,
and I created a spring‑security folder and,
underneath that, the conference folder.
Now I would recommend naming your project conference.
You can name it whatever you want, but if you name it conference,
it will follow along what we do inside of the examples,
as well as it does affect your URL if it's not tied to the POM the same way.
If that doesn't make any sense, don't worry about it.
I would recommend having it named the same way.
But this is the folder structure I have set up.
Let's go ahead and open up IntelliJ and import that project in now.
If this is the first time you've used IntelliJ Ultimate,
you'll be presented with this dialog that asks you if you want
to create a new project or import a project,
or if you remember when we were showing the GitHub URL,
you can paste that URL in here to get it from version control.
We're going to go ahead and choose Import Project,
and you want to navigate to the directory where you copied it.
Mine is dev, workspace, spring‑security.
And I just want to go to the root of that project and
navigate into that folder structure.
Choose Open.
Then it will ask me if I want to import that project from an external model,
and I'm going to choose Maven and Finish.
And for a minute,
it will be building the project and indexing files and all of that stuff.
In fact, if we click on the Maven selection over here,
you'll see that it now shows our project inside of here and all
the different things we can do to our project,
as well as if we click on our project structure,
we can see conference and our source directories and
all of those features inside of here.
So we have our project.
It's all imported.
And now we can start setting that up.
To begin with, if your project does not look like this now,
you have missed a step.
So don't try to go any further.
If you don't have the Maven selection on the right or your conference
structure doesn't look similar to mine on the left,
you have missed something somewhere.
So go back and double‑check yourself.
I'm going to open up conference inside of our Maven tab
on the right and go to Lifecycle, and I'm going to double‑click package.
And this will bring up a dialog at the bottom where it goes
through and builds all of my source code,
compiles it, and gets it all packaged up,
ready for me to go as it's built and deployed.
Now, this did a couple of things.
It set up my target directory for me,
but it also created a deployable artifact that we're going to use to
set up Tomcat now. Now that we've built our app,
I'm going to go ahead and add a server for it.
I'm going to go up and choose our Edit Configurations option.
You'll notice there's already one created for us,
and that's because they're trying to automatically deploy it to TC Server.
I don't want to use that.
It's Spring's proprietary server that they have that
they do different things with.
So I'm going to click Edit Configurations and click the plus sign,
scroll down to Tomcat Server, and say Add New 'Tomcat Server' Configuration,
Local. And inside of here, mine already chose Tomcat 9.0.30, and that's
because I have a Tomcat instance already downloaded.
If you don't,
you need to choose Configure and point it to a downloaded Tomcat server.
So I've already got one downloaded.
You just point it to whichever version you've downloaded, and
you're good to go. Click OK. You'll notice,
though, before we go any further,
there is a warning down here saying No artifacts
marked for deployment and a Fix link.
We're actually just going to click on the Deployment tab over here,
and this is why we ran Maven package a minute ago.
We want to click the plus sign and say Artifact and choose
conference:war. Hit OK. We can click Apply and OK.
And now our Server tab should pull up,
and we can choose to start that. It will deploy our application.
If you've added your project,
you can choose to not ask for all those files to automatically be added to
your GIT instance because you probably don't want them there.
And once it loads, it should pull up this application just like this.
So you should see exactly what I'm seeing here.
Notice it started us off by not going to the Login page,
and that's because we haven't created one yet.
So if we go in here now and click Add Registration,
it'll go through, and we can put in an Add Registration, and
it just functions like how we had left it at the end of the
Spring MVC Fundamentals course.
So now we can go through and start adding all the security features that we want to to our application.